Yukon 0.5 (alpha)


How to play Yukon Solitaire

  You can move stacks of cards.

  A red nine goes on a black ten for example.

  Build foundations in suits.

  Kings can move to an empty column.


  See the WWW for a better description!


Installation

  There is no installer, just double click yukon.exe.
  You can also create a shortcut to it on your desktop.


How to play this Yukon computer game

  Drag with the left button to move a card or stack of cards.

  Q - quit game / start a new game.

  Escape - exit the program.

  Right click to move a card or stack of cards to the foundations.

  Right click on the background to move all possible cards to the foundation.

  H - hint.  The first hint is the best one.  Press H again for other moves.
  You can also click "show hint".

  M - move.  The computer will move for you, using the previous shown hint or
  the best move.

  A - auto-pilot.  The computer will play.  It tries to win without cheating.
  It follows the strategy described here:
    http://www.solitairecentral.com/articles/YukonSolitaireStrategyGuide.html
  It wins many games but not 80% as claimed on that website!  Auto-pilot will
  stop if it wins, or when it thinks it can't win and it can't make any more
  sensible moves.  You can also press A again to turn it off.  The AI could be
  improved.

  F - fast mode.  Animations are disabled so the auto-pilot and hints will work
  faster.  Press F again to disable fast mode.

  Up and Down arrow - speed up or slow down the animations.


Todo List

  Add a function to change a card to a different suit / number.

  The Windows version is currently much slower than the Linux version.
  The animations are a bit clunky, not smooth like they should be.
  I will fix this so it works better.

  Improve the AI so it wins more games.


Distribution

  Only the Windows executable and source code are included here.

  Yukon also runs on Linux, it runs quite a lot faster on Linux at present.
  Yukon is written in Brace, my programming language.
  Yukon is included with Brace as an example program:

    http://sam.nipl.net/brace/

  Yukon and Brace are public domain software.
  The source code is in the file yukon.b.


Author

  Sam Watkins <sam@nipl.net>
  http://sam.nipl.net/contact.html
  http://sam.nipl.net/
